What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Initializing a repository would store a hidden in the main directory that stores the history of a repository. With this file, we would be able to do the version control using commit and checkout command.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is to make Git aware of the files that you would like to commit instead of committing all of the files in the working directory to repository. It offers flexibility as you can choose the files you would like to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	I can always use git status to see in the staging area if there is any change to the files in the working directory that has not been committed to the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be helpful if we try to explore some experimental developing ideas without changing the whole project, or develop some other language versions of the project. We can commit the changes to another branch without worrying about influencing the main branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	By showing the master branch with every commit as well as the other exsiting branches with each commit can allow developer to have a better understanding of the whole developing process of the project.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	They would be merged into a single branch with all of the commits from each parent stored. Because the commits are from two parents not one parent.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Git's automatic merging is more efficient which is less time-consuming, but sometimes when it can not automatically merge two branches, it still needs developer to identify the conflicts manually. Always doing merges manually will take more time but it also ensures less mistake and no conflicts.